_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  address: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: true  # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: true  # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

updated about and profile pic

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: Graduate Research Assistant in Complex Systems and Machine Learning

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: true # crops the image to make it circular
  address: >
    <p>315 N Grant Street</p>
    <p>West Lafayette, IN 47906</p>

news: true  # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: true  # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

I’m a Graduate Research Assistant in the Mario Ventresca group at Purdue University. My academic interests cover a wide area, but are succinctly summarized as interest in complex systems, optimization, automated design, and system dynamics. I’m also a co-founder/CTO in an environmental startup called Evergreen: a service designed to provide environmental "nutrition facts", such as global warming potential and human impact, for every product so we can help consumers make more environmentally conscious purchases.

My hobbies include cooking/baking, keeping up with meme culture, woodworking, playing with my dog, spending too much time programming, and playing the occasional FromSoft game when I can squeak it in.
